**Improvements:**

* Added `Gradient/Enabled` (bool) which allows you to enable/disable the effect of gradient easily. Similar to `Particle/Enabled/Beam.Enabled`. - Pending
	
* Added double/triple click support with a new argument to `GuiObject/Activated`. - Pending
	
* Updated Manage Plugins design (text size and coloration). - Pending
	
* Added creator dropdown in the new publish dialog. - Pending
	
* Implemented initial support for first-class yieldable C calls in Luau VM, which makes pcall ~30x faster. This reworks the fundamentals of coroutine resumption so there be dragons. - Pending
	
* Made `updateVisuallySleeping` (formerly known as `onMovingHeartbeat`) super fast. - Pending
	
* Improved the performance of parallel collision detection in some cases. - Pending
	
* Added `Animator/ApplyVelocities`. Takes a list of motors and applies velocities to Part1 (the assumed child part). Requires that the joints were already removed from the World by changing parent or setting `JointInstance.Enabled = false` before calling. Should be called on the network owner immediately after disabling joints and before animations are canceled. - Pending
	
* Behavior improvements to the physics sleep system. - Pending

**Changes:**

Users with edit permission cannot edit permission or add or remove users in new game settings permissions. - Pending    

Publish buttons in new publish dialog will be disabled when a publish is in progress. - Pending
	
Renamed the `onMovingHeartbeat` (microprofiler lablel) to `updateVisuallySleeping` and will no longer be performed for headless server DataModels. - Pending

**Fixes:**

1) Open Studio
2) Go to File->New
3) Create an empty place
4) Go to File->Save and save it in a newly created folder (one that did not exist before, for instance on the desktop).
5) Close the file/place in Studio
6) Now delete the folder that you created when saving it, the one on your desktop.
7) You should be able to delete that folder without any problems, unlike before when you would get an error message from Windows Explorer saying unable to delete. - Pending

Fixed an issue with streaming enabled that occurs when child parts are moved before parent resulting in the child part not being streamed in. - Pending
	

	



