**Improvements:**

* Exposed whether constraints should be drawn on top with the `StudioService/DrawConstraintsOnTop` property. - Pending

* `SelectionBox` can now Adorn Attachments and Constraints as well as Models and Parts. - Live

* Added `Humanoid/RequiresNeck`. If disabled the Humanoid will not die when its Neck joint is removed. This should make temporary ragdoll states easier. - Pending
	
* In new Luau VM xpcall now supports yielding inside the function object. This comes at no extra performance cost. - Pending
	

**Changes:**

* Added Phone and Tablet as playable devices by default in the game creation for new lua publish flow. - Live
	
* If you are in a group-owned game, the default option in creator and group dropdown for the publish flow will be that group. - Live
	
* Changed the Developer icon in the leaderboard to be for every developer who can edit the group game instead of just the owner. - Pending 
	
* Players can no longer interact with the core GUI when the gameplay paused GUI is displayed. - Pending 

**Fixes:**

* Games in new publish flow existing games page are now sorted by last updated correctly. - Live

* Create/Overwrite button will be re-enabled as expected after publishing finishes in new publish flow. - Live

* Game settings dialog will not show an error anymore when trying to close it manually after pressing the Save Settings button. - Pending
	
* Fixed a bug where in multiplayer scenarios `Touched` and `TouchEnded` would fire in a cycle. - Pending

* Improvement to the visual behavior of Terrain streaming. - Live