
# New
    Your login management has improved with the ability to reverse alpha sort (Name Z-A) in Lockwise, which you can access under Logins and Passwords.

    Firefox now makes importing your bookmarks and history from the new Microsoft Edge browser on Windows and Mac simple.

    Add-ons installed by external applications can now be removed using the Add-ons Manager (about:addons). Going forward, only users can install add-ons; they cannot be installed by an application.

    Facebook Container prevents Facebook from tracking you around the web - Facebook logins, likes, and comments are automatically blocked on non-Facebook sites. But when we need an exception, you can now create one by adding custom sites to the Facebook Container.

    Firefox now provides better privacy for your web voice and video calls through support for mDNS ICE by cloaking your computer’s IP address with a random ID in certain WebRTC scenarios.

# Fixed

    Various security fixes.

    We have fixed issues involving pinned tabs such as being lost. You should also no longer see them reorder themselves.

# Changed

    When a video is uploaded with a batch of photos on Instagram, the Picture-in-Picture toggle would sit atop of the “next” button. The toggle is now moved allowing you to flip through to the next image of the batch.

    On Windows, Ctrl+I can now be used to open the Page Info window instead of opening the Bookmarks sidebar. Ctrl+B still opens the Bookmarks sidebar making keyboard shortcuts more useful for our users.

    We have disabled TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1 to improve your website connections. Sites that don't support TLS version 1.2 will now show an error page.

# Developer

    Developer Information

    Firefox’s Debugger added support for debugging Nested Web Workers, so their execution can be paused and stepped through with breakpoints

# Web Platform

    Firefox has added support for the new JavaScript optional chaining operator (?.) and CSS text-underline-position.

